API reference docs: disk encryption is cross-platform (#24588)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/REST API/rest-api.md

Retrieves the disk encryption key for a host.

> The host will only return a key if it's disk encryption status is "Verified." Get hosts' disk encryption status using the [List hosts endpoint](#list-hosts) and `os_settings_disk_encryption` parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The host will only return a key if its disk encryption status is "Verified." Get hosts' disk encryption statuses using the [List hosts endpoint](#list-hosts) and `os_settings_disk_encryption` parameter.
```
